Popularity is elegance
fool
How about my stuff for the big shot?
There is a flute for fun
And dogs like it.
Now there's this money again
This specification is big enough
Pretty clown
Just want to give me this money
I'll tell you what.
Lori must not be satisfied with your performance
Hey, Mr. Luo?
What!
The big shot has arrived
I didn't see it, hey.
Okay, I'll receive it right away, I'll receive it right away
The big shot has arrived.
Then I'll hurry to the door to meet you
What's the hurry now?
I'll tell you what.
I don't like your imaginary set
Just this one.
What else are you playing?
Go down this fool is crazy
What is my husband still hesitating about?
Hurry up and have someone blurt him out and beat him to death
Wait a minute, Luo Shoufu said that the adults have arrived
There is no one else now.